---
title: "The Rules"
bg: yellow  
color: black   
fa-icon: group
---


We So Crafty Code of Conduct
=============================

We expect everyone who participates in We So Crafty to follow this Code of Conduct. 

This explains what is generally expected of community members, and what is absolutely required. 

Interpersonal interaction
--------------------------

**Be friendly.** This is a community where we share things we make and do. Be supportive and encouraging of your community members.

**Be welcoming.** We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports people of all backgrounds and identities. This includes, but is not limited to, members of any race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, colour, immigration status, social and economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, mental and physical ability, or type of craft you prefer. 

**Keep discussions private.** In this forum, people share both the things they make and the experiences they’ve had. Keep all discussion, photos and topics private to the group, unless given express permission by the person who made, said or shared them. 

**Create new channels liberally.** Please keep #general general. If you want to discuss a topic in depth, create a channel for it. Move difficult, controversial, or stressful topics to their own channel as soon as possible, so that those who wish to participate can, and those who wish to avoid, may. When in doubt, create a channel.

**Keep it civil.** Be kind to others, even if you dislike or disagree with them. Do not insult or put down other participants. When disagreeing with someone, stay focused on the topic at hand.

**Do not make it personal.**  Try not to take offense where no offense was intended. Not everyone speaks or writes English fluently. Not everyone can express themselves clearly. Give people the benefit of the doubt. Even if the intent was to provoke, do not rise to it.

What will not be tolerated
---------------------------

Harassment and other exclusionary behavior aren't acceptable. This includes, but is not limited to:

* Violent threats or language directed against another person.
* Discriminatory jokes and language.
* Posting sexually explicit or violent material.
* Posting (or threatening to post) other people's personally identifying information ("doxing").
* Personal insults, especially those using racist or sexist terms.
* Unwelcome sexual attention.
* Sharing private information without permission.
* Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior.
* Repeated harassment of others. In general, if someone asks you to stop, then stop.

How to report violations
-------------------------

If you believe somebody is violating the code of conduct, we ask that you privately message one of the administrators, who will discuss it with the other administrators and take action at their discretion. All CoC violation reports will considered confidential, and not discussed outside of the moderator circle. 

*Credit: Text taken from the FreeBSD and Django code of conducts.*
